doc: add signed_by_b0_*_image.bin to output files (#10674)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/build_and_config_system/index.rst

| :file:`app_update.bin`                                           | Signed variant of the firmware in binary format (as opposed to intelhex).                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|                                                                  | It can be uploaded to a server as a FOTA image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
+------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | :file:`signed_by_mcuboot_and_b0_s0_image_update.bin`             | MCUboot update for s0. Created using the :file:`signed_by_b0_s0_image.bin` (see :ref:`app_build_output_files_other`).                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :file:`signed_by_mcuboot_and_b0_s0_image_update.bin`             | MCUboot update image for s0 signed by both MCUboot and NSIB. The MCUboot signature is used by MCUboot to verify the integrity of the image before swapping and the NSIB signature is used by NSIB before booting the image.                                                                                                                                                        |
```

+------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | :file:`signed_by_mcuboot_and_b0_s1_image_update.bin`             | MCUboot update for s1. Created using the :file:`signed_by_b0_s1_image.bin` (see :ref:`app_build_output_files_other`).                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :file:`signed_by_mcuboot_and_b0_s1_image_update.bin`             | MCUboot update image for s1 signed by both MCUboot and NSIB. The MCUboot signature is used by MCUboot to verify the integrity of the image before swapping and the NSIB signature is used by NSIB before booting the image                  |
```

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`manifest.json`             | Output artifact that uses information from the :file:`zephyr.meta` output file.                                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`dfu_multi_image.bin`       | Multi-image package that contains a CBOR manifest and a set of user-selected update images,                                       |
|                                   | such as firmware images for different cores.                                                                                      |
|                                   | Used for DFU purposes by :ref:`ug_matter` and :ref:`ug_zigbee` protocols.                                                         |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | :file:`signed_by_b0_s0_image.bin` | Intermediate file generated by :file:`sign_cmake` and used for :ref:`bootloader`.                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                             |
> |                                   | Can be used to generate the :file:`signed_by_mcuboot_and_b0_s0_image_update.bin` when using NSIB with MCUboot.                    |
> +-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
> | :file:`signed_by_b0_s1_image.bin` | Intermediate file generated by :file:`sign_cmake` and used for :ref:`bootloader`.                                                 |
> |                                   | Can be used to generate the :file:`signed_by_mcuboot_and_b0_s1_image_update.bin` when using NSIB with MCUboot.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :file:`signed_by_b0_s0_image.bin` | Intermediate file only signed by NSIB.                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|                                   |                    |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`signed_by_b0_s1_image.bin` | Intermediate file only signed by NSIB.                                                 |
|                                   |                    |
```

I struggle to see the usefulness of describing these files here except that they're just intermediate files. Is it even possible to use NSIB without MCUboot? Would you have the application as S0/S1 then? Or would you need some other bootloader? This sounds very edge-case to me, but please correct me if there is an actual use-case for this.
The way I understood the question from the customer was why we had the two set of files and the difference between them. There was also some confusion in the case w.r.t. swapping of S0/S1 and how the mcuboot signature was being used. So I think it's more important to explain why the image needs to be signed by both NSIB and MCUboot.
